We conclude that the cholinergic mossy fiber pathway to the cerebellum in general and the uvula-nodulus in particular is likely to mediate secondary vestibular information related to postural adjustments .
In contrast , the projection from the encapsulated part of the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis appears to end preferentially in the central part of the MPN and in immediately adjacent regions of the medial subdivision .
Mossy fiber afferents from the spinal trigeminal nuclei ( particularly interpolaris ) , principal trigeminal sensory nucleus , and superior colliculus could account for metabolic activation of the granular layer .
Projections of the DSCT and the VSCT to these regions were confirmed after tracer injections preceded by sectioning of either tract .
Bands of NPY like fibers in the tectal layers 2 , 4 , and 7 could at least in part be due to this projection of the nMOT .
In the 3b forelimb sector contralateral to the deafferentation , a decrease in density of ChAT positive fibers relative to the ipsilateral hemisphere was apparent at 2 weeks and most pronounced at 13 weeks , involving all cortical layers except layer I. There was no such decrease in the hindlimb sector , but the loss of ChAT immunoreactivity extended to sectors representing proximal forelimb and trunk .
The projection of the entorhinal cortex ( EC ) to the subiculum ( SUB ) and the projection in the opposite direction from the SUB to the EC have been studied in the cat by using electrophysiological methods .
One type of neuron , which has been shown in other studies to produce compound action potentials whose frequency varies with a circadian rhythm , is also found only ventral to the optic nerve head and associated axon bundles .
One type of neuron , which has been shown in other studies to produce compound action potentials whose frequency varies with a circadian rhythm , is also found only ventral to the optic nerve head and associated axon bundles .
Direct projection from the dorsal lateral geniculate nucleus to the prestriate cortex in macaque monkeys .
A projection from area 19 to laminae C1 , C2 and C3 was also demonstrated autoradiographically .
It is likely that the climbing fiber projection to the cerebellar cortex and the distribution of the two Purkinje cell phenotypes share a common compartmental organization .
These results indicate that SI projections to MI and SII have an anisotropic organization that facilitates the integration of sensory information received from neighboring barrels that represent whiskers in the same row .
This distribution fits well with published data on the somatotopy of the corticopontine projection from the rat primary somatosensory cortex .
The normal olivocerebellar projection is exclusively contralateral and the climbing fiber projection to the paramedian vermis splits P1+ down the middle , implying that it consists of two adjacent mabQ113+ bands not separated by mabQ113-territory .
A direct telencephalic projection from the principal trigeminal sensory nucleus upon the nucleus basalis via the quintofrontal tract was confirmed .
To determine the presence and organization of kinesthetic , as compared with other mechanosensory projection zones in the thalamus of raccoons , unit-cluster responses to mechanical stimulation of the postcranial body were mapped electrophysiologically in the thalami of 14 raccoons anesthetized with Dial-urethane .
The contributions of glial guidance , diffuse exploratory outgrowth , and target produced trophic factors to the formation of an initially exuberant projection to the island are discussed .
The contributions of glial guidance , diffuse exploratory outgrowth , and target produced trophic factors to the formation of an initially exuberant projection to the island are discussed .
We conclude that the cholinergic mossy fiber pathway to the cerebellum in general and the uvula-nodulus in particular is likely to mediate secondary vestibular information related to postural adjustments .
